_pages/about.md, before:

---
permalink: /
title: "Epidemiology & Psychology: Public Mental Health, Neuroscience and Clinical Interventions"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me

A clinical psychologist, Assistant Professor (Senior Lecturer), in the Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics, and Community Health Sciences at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. Additionally, I serve as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Department of Psychiatry at Yale University School of Medicine.

## Main Research Focus

My research is centered around understanding the epidemiological implications of stress exposure on individuals and communities. A common sequela to traumatic events is post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a condition that has significant public health ramifications. My primary focus lies at the intersection of Epidemiology and Psychology. I am keen on studying the symptomatology and neurobiological underpinnings of PTSD, its mechanisms of progression, as well as the cognitive and behavioral consequences of stress exposure in broader populations. This aligns with a public health perspective, promoting understanding of the prevalence, distribution, and control of PTSD and stress-related disorders in the population.

## Join us!
We are currently seeking enthusiastic and driven individuals for graduate and post-doctoral positions. If you are intrigued by the interdisciplinary convergence of Epidemiology, Psychology, and Neuroscience, we encourage you to reach out to us.

## Schedule a meeting to hear more
[Schedule here](https://outlook.office365.com/owa/calendar/PeronsalMeetings@bgu.ac.il/bookings/)

Commit message:

added some text to the schedule meeting

_pages/about.md, after:

---
permalink: /
title: "Epidemiology & Psychology: Public Mental Health, Neuroscience and Clinical Interventions"
excerpt: "About me"
author_profile: true
redirect_from: 
  - /about/
  - /about.html
---

## About Me

A clinical psychologist, Assistant Professor (Senior Lecturer), in the Department of Epidemiology, Biostatistics, and Community Health Sciences at Ben-Gurion University of the Negev. Additionally, I serve as an Adjunct Assistant Professor in the Department of Psychiatry at Yale University School of Medicine.

## Main Research Focus

My research is centered around understanding the epidemiological implications of stress exposure on individuals and communities. A common sequela to traumatic events is post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD), a condition that has significant public health ramifications. My primary focus lies at the intersection of Epidemiology and Psychology. I am keen on studying the symptomatology and neurobiological underpinnings of PTSD, its mechanisms of progression, as well as the cognitive and behavioral consequences of stress exposure in broader populations. This aligns with a public health perspective, promoting understanding of the prevalence, distribution, and control of PTSD and stress-related disorders in the population.

## Join us!
We are currently seeking enthusiastic and driven individuals for graduate and post-doctoral positions. If you are intrigued by the interdisciplinary convergence of Epidemiology, Psychology, and Neuroscience, we encourage you to reach out to us.

## Schedule a meeting to hear more
If you'd like to hear more and chat (viz Zoom or Teams), feel free to schedule a meeting
[Schedule here](https://outlook.office365.com/owa/calendar/PeronsalMeetings@bgu.ac.il/bookings/)
